So, this is what a daily brief looks
like that is made by Claude code. So, it
just updates it in Obsidian every single
day. You can see there is the weather,
there's stuff on my calendar, there's
some emails that I should probably
respond to. I can check it off if I
don't want to. And it also clears my
inbox for me. So, you can see that it
archived some vague cold outreach, some
spam. [music] Now, I always have a very
clean inbox for my email and for my
messages. Uh so, the calendar is
connected to Google Calendar, email's
[music] connected to my Gmail, messages
is connected to my Beeper, and then also
it goes through my Things 3. One thing
that surprised me in doing this is
realizing that a lot of the messages and
emails that you get don't actually need
a response or don't need an urgent
response. And so, by having them all
laid out like this, I genuinely just
check my email much less and check my
messages a lot less, and it's really
helped me have better focus into the
things I want to focus on. With this
setup, I don't even need to have
notifications for all my messaging apps
and email because I can just check this
for the most important things.